SOFTWARE USE AGREEMENT

Access to the Repurposing Cost Calculator (“Software”) is provided by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (“NREL”), which is operated by Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC (“ALLIANCE”), for the U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”).
Access to and use of this Software shall impose the following obligations on the user, and use of the Software constitutes user’s agreement to these terms. The Software is being provided, without any fee or cost, for internal purposes only and shall not be re-distributed.
The user agrees to credit DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE in any publication that results from the use of this Software.  The names DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE, however, may not be used in any advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products or commercial entities unless specific written permission is obtained from DOE/NREL/ ALLIANCE.  The user also understands that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE is not obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training or assistance of any kind with regard to the use of the Software or to provide the user with any updates, revisions or new versions of the Software.
USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO USER’S USE OF THE SOFTWARE.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE "AS IS," AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE.
Results generated by use of this Software are dependent on many variables, including the quality of the data entered by the user and any assumptions made by the user in relation to data inputs.  Accordingly, DOE, NREL, and ALLIANCE cannot guarantee any results generated by use of the Software and user is entirely responsible for the results and any reliance on the results.  User shall not claim that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE authenticate or otherwise agree with the results generated by the Software.   

DISCLAIMER

The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) is operated for the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) by Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC ("Alliance").
Access to or use of any data or software made available on this server ("Data") shall impose the following obligations on the user, and use of the Data constitutes user's agreement to these terms. The user is granted the right, without any fee or cost, to use or copy the Data, provided that this entire notice appears in all copies of the Data. Further, the user agrees to credit DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE in any publication that results from the use of the Data. The names DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE, however, may not be used in any advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products or commercial entities unless specific written permission is obtained from DOE/NREL/ ALLIANCE. The user also understands that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE are not obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training or assistance of any kind with regard to the use of the Data or to provide the user with any updates, revisions or new versions thereof. DOE, NREL, and ALLIANCE do not guarantee or endorse any results generated by use of the Data, and user is entirely responsible for the results and any reliance on the results or the Data in general.
USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO USER'S USE OF THE DATA. THE DATA ARE PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE "AS IS," AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE ASSUME NO LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE DATA, OR REPRESENT THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA.

